next morning.
After having a meal, we all get together and think about measures for Leticia.
It seemed that I couldn't come up with a good idea, and everyone was worried. 
Alone ... Sana is leisurely reading a book in the guest room.
Sometimes I hear "I don't like it!" Or "Recent humans are radical!", But what on earth are you reading ...? 
Anyway. 
Everyone is bothering me ...
Before that, I was starting to question this situation. 
"Um ... are you guys a little good?"
"What's wrong, Hull? Did you come up with something?"
"It is not like that……" 
If you think about it carefully, Anju and Nine have nothing to do with each other.
Sana is also irrelevant. 
Even so, I was involved in two people before I knew it ...
And I took it for granted that I would be able to help. 
That's no good.
Even Alice finds it painful, but she gets involved with Anju and Nine, who have nothing to do with it ...
Thinking normally, it cannot be forgiven. 
...... When I say that. 
"Mr. Haru, I understand that you are very kind, but please don't say such a lonely thing."
"I have a reason for my daughter ... but that's not all. Mr. Hull. I want to help you for your great grace."
"Hmm ... I'm glad to say that, but I can't afford to be with them forever ..." 
No, but.
Is it rude to say that they are irrelevant to the two people involved so far?
I suddenly think about that. 
Both Anju and Nine are kind.
For the time being, I saved those two lives.
That's why they want to help me ... 
No, but I can't get involved in my personal circumstances for that ...
However, it is rude to keep a distance ... 
"Let me see……?" 
I don't know what to do and I get confused.
What should i do? 
"Hey, Hull" 
Alice says in a gentle voice that she has completely lost her way. 
"You don't have to worry so much, right?"
"What? What I'm thinking ..."
"I understand. Hull is really on the face. Still, it's easy to understand." 
See Anju and Nine.
The two nodded with a rich heart. 
Look at Sana. 
"A master is definitely not good at lying, isn't he?" 
It was a little shocking for Sana to say so. 
"Isn't there a way to solve it by yourself when you're in trouble?"
"That's right, but ..."
"It's not a bad thing to rely on people. People can't live alone, so it's basic to hold hands. If you think it's okay, then give back. Isn't it rather shocking to be able to imitate someone and keep them away? And ... are we friends already? "
"……friend……" 
The words fell to my heart. 
"Because I'm a friend, I don't ask for a reward. If I'm in trouble, I'll help you unconditionally ... I can't leave it alone.
"... Yes, that's right." 
Yeah ... as Alice says. 
I've just met ...
I think Anju and Nine are friends.
I'm the one who gets angry if I do something that keeps them away.
I'm wrong. 
"Sorry, I was wrong"
"Yeah, all right"
"I don't care"
"Same as the young lady"
"I just keep up with my master!" 
Everyone accepted me with a smile.
To respond to this smile.
To protect trust.
I will do my best. 
However, this must be done properly. 
I stand in front of everyone ...
Then bow your head. 
"I ... I don't know what to do about Leticia. So please help everyone. Thank you!" 
I raised my face and saw everyone's face. 
Everyone looks at each other ...
Nods as shown.
Then smile again. 
"""of course"""
"I'll do it!" 
It may be a little exaggerated, but ...
At this moment, I felt that our hearts were united. 
―――――――――― 
"Then, let's think about countermeasures again." 
Ask Alice to repartition. 
And then.
The door was opened with a hectic noise. 
"I'm sorry." 
The maid who works in this mansion showed up.
He seemed to be in a hurry and forgot to knock. 
"What's wrong, noisy" 
Nine glares at such a maid.
Mr. Nine seems to be in a position like a maid chief, and he does not tolerate the mistakes of his subordinates. 
"I'm sorry, but it's important ..."
"... What happened?" 
Seeing the maid's rush, it seems that something happened, and Nine's voice becomes a little softer.
It seems that he was able to regain his composure, and the maid tells him why he is in a hurry. 
"The Adventurer's Guild ... has issued an order to detain Anju."
